[Music]
what will earth and humans look like in
1,000 years hey I don't know about you
but in a thousand years I'm gonna look
pretty bad
you know shriveled up dusty you know
dead oh oh you're talking about humans
in the future oh never mind you know one
year ago in his speech at Oxford
University Union the legendary Stephen
Hawking proclaimed that humanity could
only survive for another thousand years
sound scary right well we at bright side
decided to find out whether our future
is doomed or bright and so we put
together a list of the most exciting
predictions for a new millennium you
could expect colonies in space and
superfast computers but a house that you
can disassemble and put together in a
matter of minutes and x-ray eyes Wow
give this video a like to launch our
time machine we're traveling to the
future so buckle up and enjoy the ride
counting down from number ten humans
will live for a thousand years
billionaires are already investing
millions of dollars into research on
slowing or stopping aging completely
when you have billions like the founders
of Google Larry Page and Sergey Brin why
not invest it in an opportunity to be
spending them for another thousand years
in 30:17 medical engineers could design
remedies for each component that causes
tissues to age gene editing tools are
already here which could potentially
control our genes and make humans immune
to a disease inserting healthy genes
will give us stronger bones lower risk
of cancer and it will make us tolerant
to pain however it might also become a
source of surprise would you like to
have fuchsia eyes no it is just one of
the natural mutation editing genes might
cause a fun one right number nine we'll
be able to transfer our minds to
different bodies
have you seen selfless Ryan Reynolds is
in it and that sounds like a reason good
enough to watch it for some people
already but it is not just
him in this movie Sir Ben Kingsley
decides to live forever and so he
transfers his mind to Ryan's body sounds
fantastic right well it might be a thing
of the future a human brain has about 86
billion neurons in it they send signals
to each other and to recall something
the same network of neurons is activated
so if we make a map of all the neurons
in the brain we could create a computer
model of it something like a virtual
brain it means we could download all our
memories to a computer and uploading
might also be possible scientists who
have developed optogenetics are already
actively working in it they're using
algae and their experiments so far and
they're doing well
the human brain is way more complicated
so it will take time but they might just
get there in a thousand years
[Music]
number eight humans will move to another
planet in a thousand years from now the
only way for Humanity to survive might
be to establish some settlements in
space SpaceX has a mission to enable
humans to become a spacefaring
civilization and a multi-planet species
by building a self-sustaining city on
Mars the founder of the company Elon
Musk hopes to have the first launch of
their spacecraft by 2022 with four
flying to Mars by 2020 for life on Mars
will not be the same as on earth of
course it gets 66% less sunlight and as
a 62% weaker gravitational pull than
Earth so humans who live there are
likely to develop larger pupils to
absorb more light they will also be
taller since their spines will get
longer as their vertebrae fluid will
expand moving to another planet sounds
pretty real with all the crazy
transportation the bright minds are
working on today Elon Musk himself
introduced the Hyperloop the underground
transportation system which takes you
from San Francisco to Los Angeles in
just 35 minutes Skylon is being
developed in the UK
it's a super-fast plane that will take
you from London to Sydney in four hours
and even fly into space number seven we
will all look the same yes ladies Ryan
Reynolds and I will look just the same
Tribble dusty and Det yeah well oh wait
we're talking about the future huh okay
well if there is a chance we will all
look the same anyways does it mean you
can stop working out now and still look
like Angelina Jolie in the future and
hold on we're not talking about right
now it might happen centuries from now
and no not everyone will look like
Angelina Jolie in his speculative
thought experiment dr. Quan hypothesized
that in the distant future more than
100,000 years from now humans would
change in their appearance
dr. Quan holds a PhD in computational
genomics from Washington University so
he knows what he's talking about
according to him humans will develop a
larger forehead larger nostrils larger
eyes and more pigmented skin so what
we're gonna look like chili Willie
anyway scientists are already working on
ways to edit genomes so their parents
can choose the way their children will
look what will it mean to us well it's
not just about the beauty of the future
baby of course editing the genes of an
embryo could help us fight genetic
diseases before the baby is even born
however when a group of scientists from
China shared the results of their embryo
gene editing experiments it caused a lot
of debates is it ethical to change a
future human do we actually have the
right to do it share your opinions on
this in the comment section number six
there will be superfast intelligent
computers in 2014 a supercomputer
carried out the most accurate simulation
of the human brain today and a thousand
years from now computers are predicted
to match and overtake the computational
speed of the human brain and solve tasks
that take a normal computer a decade to
solve
in the new century quantum computers
will help in developing more effective
drugs and diagnosis enhancing space
exploration and helping automobiles
drive themselves at the same time
quantum computing might pose a real
threat to privacy in information
security
if it breaks public key cryptography it
will be able to give access to data that
everyone is not supposed to have access
to like that of the military and other
not for everyone fields number five
humans will become cyborgs machines can
already enhance human hearing and
eyesight scientists and engineers are
developing bionic eyes to help blind
people see the next step could be making
our eyes portable x-ray machines yes the
dream of every 12 year old boy will
finally come true
the extra sensitive hearing could also
be something normal for the humans of
30:17 in a thousand years from now
merging with technology might be the
only way for humanity to compete with
artificial intelligence yes those robots
you see on TV and science fairs might
look sweet but who knows what they have
in their mechanical minds it is better
to be safe than sorry
merging human minds with computers would
create a super brain that could perform
complex equations and search the
internet just by thinking now who is the
smart one here robot guy number four
mass extinction is on the way
run but wait don't run first listen the
last mass extinction wiped out the
dinosaurs from the face of the earth
a recent study revealed that the rate of
extinction for species in the 20th
century has been up to 100 times higher
than would have been normal without
human impact according to some
scientists only the gradual shrinkage of
the human population
can help civilization to persist more
and more humans means an ever growing
demand for food and water humans are
trying to effectively use every piece of
land and destroy the natural habitats of
many species and there is air and water
pollution as
so if we do nothing to change this
situation our planet will not be the
same in a thousand years and it won't be
a change for the better number three we
will all speak the same global language
now don't we all speak one global
language already obviously we do but it
is not all that simple what is the most
widely spoken language in the world
today click like if you think it's
English well we've got news for you
you're wrong
Chinese has over a billion native
speakers and English only around 360
million another half a billion speak
English as their second language so we
can't be sure English as we know it
today we'll just replace all other
languages of the world you say the major
factor that is most likely to lead to a
universal language is the streamlining
of languages linguists predict that 100
years from now 90% of languages will
disappear due to migration and those
that remain will become simplified the
world currently speaks 6,000 languages
and only 600 of them are likely to
survive by 2117 so anything is possible
by 3017 a Tower of Babel scenario still
seems unlikely though there is a good
chance people of the world will just
become bilingual and the linguistic
Armageddon will not come upon us number
two buildings will assemble and
disassemble on command in the future
humans are likely to be able to create a
virtual world around them using the
concept of utility fog the utility fog
idea was introduced by dr. hall and
represents a polymorphic material
comprised of trillions of interlinked
microscopic robots that can essentially
create any shape dr. Hall himself
describes utility fog as the stuff that
dreams are made up kind of like what
Humphrey Bogart would say
imagine this you got a new coach guys
that's a kind of purse a month later you
grew tired of it that happens we know
you saw a different one somewhere and
now you want it not your previous
purchase so you either start hating on
your coach but use it anyway or you get
rid of it and spend money on a new one
your husband hates you you start a fight
everyone is unhappy with utility fog you
can make the tiny robots inside your
coach transform it into a new one new
furniture every day yes change wall
colors the floor plan or your entire
home as often as you want easy
you can even disassemble your home as
you leave for work and then get it back
in the evening to save space you can
also make a utility fog car do you want
it already just wait it might be there
sooner than 30:17 or not and number one
nano technology will solve the energy
and pollution crisis a thousand years
from now nano technology will be able to
clean up environmental damage purify air
and water and capture that energy of the
Sun nuclear fusion energy power plants
with no carbon emissions lab-grown meat
to feed the world will all be a reality
new materials will answer the need for
new environmentally friendly and more
efficient energy storage technology they
will be a thousand to ten thousand times
more powerful than those we use today
electric cars will recharge as quick as
petrol ones today and will replace the
environmentally non friendly vehicles
this technology which was adapted from
that of soft contact lens making science
can be sometimes pretty ironic ah will
be used in aerospace energy generation
and the production of household items as
basic as mobile phones and flat-screen
devices how do you like this picture of
our distant future of course we'll all
be dead but which of the technologies
described in this video would you like
to try if you could
share your opinion hit the like button
and click subscribe to all we stay on
the bright side
[Music]